So the last time we created this test for testing if we can successfully update an existing blog post
and now we will be testing if we can successfully delete a blog post.
So first we of course need an existing blog post so we can either copy this or since we are creating
the same blog post.
In this case we are actually doing it at least three times.
So we do it here in the update test and now in the daily test we can create a private method
and call it create dummy blog post and it should return our blog post instance so let's copy this into
this method and from it will return that post.
So now we can use this method and make our test a little bit shorter because we were actually repeating
ourselves too many times so we can call create dummy blog post so we no longer need to repeat those
lines everywhere
and we can do the same here.
And finally we can start our test for deleting the blog post by actually storing a new dummy blog post.
So now we should make our request to delete this blog post so let's copy this code fragment in this
case we will be using the delete HDP verb.
So we are calling the delete method and it doesn't contain any firearms so that deleting only needs
to specify the you URL of the resource.
And in our case it is posts with the Post I.D..
We also expect redirect and we expect a status.
So let's see what should be the status.
We have one blog post inside here.
So when we press delete we expect it to be blog post was deleted.
So let's copy this line where we verify the status
and copy this text blog post was deleted.
And now we can do the same what we did with our update test.
So
first let's verify that this blog post was actually stored so let's add this assertion here.
We expect the post to be inside the database and we can also reuse the asset database missing.
After we actually delete this blog post
so it's pretty simple now let's open the terminal and run the tests.
Now you can see that we have 10 tests 27 assertions.
And basically we have covered every possible action that we have inside our application with the exception
of testing the validation for updating the blog post and we haven't also tested all that possible validations
because if you check the store post it's not that we only have the minimum length required.
We also require the palms to be provided at all.
And we also have a limit for the title The maximum length.
So usually you would like to create tests for all the possible cases because that's the meaning of the
test to verify all the possible cases that can happen inside your application and especially the edge
cases.
So whenever you see an edge case happening inside your up that something is hard to reproduce but can
happen.
You should definitely write a test for your specific edge cases but this should be pretty simple at
this point.
So I believe that if you would like to do some practice you should go ahead and create more tests for
updating and verifying for example the validation constraints and also do the same with storing and
verifying other possible validation errors that might occur when you send invalid data.
So this would conclude our testing.
The basics of testing at least because we'll do some more later and let's move to the next section.